Feature/enhance readme to support standalone mode (#117)
heartcombo/has_scope: README.md

#GET /graduations?finished=true&by_degree=phd
#=> brings only graduations by phd degree because we didn't declared finished in our controller as a permitted scope

apply_scopes(Graduation).all == Graduation.by_degree('phd')
```

### Check for applied scopes

_HasScope_ creates a helper method called `current_scopes` to retrieve all the scopes applied. As it's a helper method, you'll be able to access it in the controller action or the view rendered in that action.

Coming back to an example from the previous section:
```ruby
#GET /graduations?featured=true&by_degree=phd
#=> brings featured graduations with phd degree
apply_scopes(Graduation).all == Graduation.featured.by_degree('phd')
```

Calling current_scopes would return the following:

```
current_scopes
#=> { featured: true, by_degree: 'phd' }
```
And would be available to be called in:
- `GraduationsController#index`
- `views/graduations/index.html.erb` and all other partials rendered by this controller action.

### Usage 2: Standalone Mode
_HasScope_ can also be used in plain-old Ruby objects (PORO). Let's refactor the previous example as a PORO used by the same controller.

> First, we'll create a bare object to house our refactor

Reviewer: I think we can merge the two blocks below with the class & inclusion for simplification, e.g.:

```suggestion
First, we'll create a bare object and include `HasScope` to get access to its features:

```ruby
 class GraduationsSearchQuery
   include HasScope
   #...
 end
```

## Block usage

> `has_scope` also accepts a block in case we need to manipulate the given value. Usually there are three arguments passed down in the block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`has_scope` also accepts a block in case we need to manipulate the given value and/or call the scope in some custom way. Usually three arguments are passed to the block:
```

> - The instance of either the `controller` or the PORO where the gem is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The instance of the controller or object where it's included
```

> - The scope to be applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The current scope chain
```

> - The value of the scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The value of the scope to apply
```

> > 💡 We suggest you name the first argument depending on how you're using _HasScope_. If it's the controller, use the word "controller". If it's a query object use "query". In the following examples, we'll use controller for simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 We suggest you name the first argument depending on how you're using _HasScope_. If it's the controller, use the word "controller". If it's a query object for example, use "query", or something meaningful for that context. In the following examples, we'll use controller for simplicity.
```
